All right, let's go ahead and continue.
Now we are going to add at least this text field.
Yeah, I'm going to actually call it show simple.
Form because we need that form, and I'm going to pass the book, which is going to be view model data
and just get the first one.
Parts of the land and air cook and book.
And here, amnesty and book, of course, another credited here here Google idea is equal to book Item
I.D. So make sure that I'm getting the correct book here.
OK.
And what I need to do next, I'm going to pass a knife controller looks very strange because we haven't
created anything about it.
Let's go ahead and create that.
And I like doing this because then it's it's way simpler for us to create the actual composer composable
as you see it passes and all of the parameters that we need.
Very, very handy here.
I'm going to actually create another simple form.
OK, so I'm done here.
I'm going to create a simple form.
Add composable font called it simple.
Form such and I'm going to pass modifier.
And Louis Bass loading bullion, which now going to you, which we're not going to use, but I'm going
to pass it in a way so we can have that.
I'm going to put default values can be a strain and be a great book.
And then on a search like this.
The passive strain.
And it's just been a unit.
So the simple form we're going to call inside here, simple form.
And we're going to get to it.
OK, so what do I want in the simple form?
Well, let's put a column first and then here, let's create a few variables.
So let's text field value from number save singable.
That is an immutable state.
Of passenger default value, right?
It, you know, the state.
Involve a keyboard controller.
Local soft keyboard controller that current.
And then it's not right, this one here, we have to add the experimental, composable composed like
that.
And so a valid just to check and say, remember going to use our text field to value the value, to
do the calculations here in the text field value, that value trim is not empty like that, it's not
empty.
This is going to be true and we can use that.
This has to be outside.
That's why this OK.
Right now, I'm going to use an input field.
They were created before and passed in.
First of all, states are going to be text field.
The label is going to be I say, enter your thoughts, enable just say true.
Then I'm going to pass on action keyboards here to keyboard actions.
Let's just use a lambda.
And what is it we want to do?
First, we're going to check if if it's not valid, then just return keyboards or return nothing, really.
And then I'm going to call the on search, which would then pass our text field value trimmed back value.
And then, of course, the screen and a keyboard controller can hide that like this.
And also in the past, if you like a modifier here, so feel maxed width, give it a height of about
140 dpi and padding of about three dpi.
And also a background color.
I say color white and I can pass circle shape here for the shape.
That's something you can also do and it can continue.
I can say I want to add another padding here of this pattern.
I want horizontal padding to be about 20 dpi.
Vertical to be a 12 DP.
OK, so what are we doing here, just setting up structure there?
All right, let's go to back to our simple form.
And search is going to be actually lamda for us, so I'm just going to put like this and let's pass
a few of the arguments.
So let's add a default value because we need that.
Where do we get that default value?
Well, we're going to put in if statement and say if looked at notes.
Is not empty like that or to make it more beautiful, I can just say, no, it's got to strain.
And then it's not empty.
If that's the case, then I'm just going to say our default values are going to be a book that notes
and to string like this else when I say no thoughts of.
OK, we need to pass the experimental compose UI there, because this simple form, he's using that.
So we need to pass that along as well and here as well and add that.
And here we're going to have our actual note.
It's going to be passed around now because we are going to need the state of that note.
So I'm going to create at the top here.
A vowel notes text to get the actual note put inside of a member and some immutable state of just empty.
And so I'm going to set it up here, so I take notes to extract value and then set it to.
This note or rather, this note sent.
Said, or to this note that we're getting from our form.
OK.
Let's see.
If we run this, we hopefully are going to see something should be able, hopefully to see this.
OK.
Let's see.
Click.
All right.
It looks really great.
We can add a note of it, Anna.
We don't see anything because we didn't add anything to to see what happens when we hit enter.
But at least there we go.
It shows something that is if there is notes that they were left before, we should get those notes
inside here.
OK, that's why we say here.
Look, that notes that string to get that.
If this is empty, then we get that note.
Alice, we are going to say no facts available.
All right.
So great.
Good.
This is good progress, and we're going to continue and add this structure here later.
And then we're going to move on, of course, until we were able to update a note.